Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We have a lot we're going to share.
There's a lot going on in the news.
There were a lot of things we prayed about in the last video, and we're going to go over some of the things the Lord showed us and then we'll jump right in the river.
Whoever wants to go praying with us, we got our communion.
We always take communion every time we pray together.
So thank you for taking communion with us and using your authority.
China is filling up its gas lines for miles.
It looked like a mile long—a block, whatever this is.
This is nuts.
They all know what's going on with oil prices.
Now, this video clip is of people in China.
We know the population of China is a lot, but this is a video clip of 40 seconds of people lining up for gas in China.
They're trying to get gas.
Now, that fulfills the prophecy that I told you: they would line up for that.
That's not quite a mile, but that's a lot of cars to wait for gas.
Now, that's what I saw: cars lined up waiting for gas.
It looked like the 1970s gas wars back when it happened with Carter.
And this is the stuff the Lord showed me coming.
That's the vision; they were lined up.
Now, I saw this also coming in America, and President Trump released the strategic reserves—175 million barrels of oil—and they were releasing it as fast as they could to try to keep the oil prices down.
Now, as we were praying last night, I saw the Strait of Strait of Hormuz, or whatever it is, being filled with ships.
I saw smoke in the sky to the point where it was blocking out the sun.
There was so much smoke; it looked like black clouds.
I saw tons of ships on fire.
I don't know if they're seeing that yet; I don't pay a lot of attention to the news, but Braden brings it to me.
But I saw refineries on fire.
I saw to pray over American refineries again—Tuttle, Houston, Louisiana, and other refineries around the nation—as a target for terrorism.
I saw major explosions going off at these plants to cause the gas wars to go even worse as a retaliation for what's happening in the Middle East.
I thought this was also interesting: 'Iran's new supreme leader vows to keep blocking the strait as oil prices spike again.
' He vows to keep blocking.
We saw it hit $100 a barrel today.
It shot up again to 100.
It's very interesting; it's like a roller coaster.
We see all these things.
And there's a lot of these reports: 'Top US petrochem plant fireballed with Texas fuel tanks blazing.
' I didn't have my glasses on, but those are the plants I'm talking about.
I told you they're going to...
so, how did that happen?
It's mysterious.
I said they're going to try to take this thing to 200.
And if they succeed, it would be very bad for the economy.
We don't want this.
This is an election year.
We want a red wave.
We need our president in power for another three years—for the rest of this year and the next two years.
This is very serious.
I saw a lot of political drama happening.
Number two, what else do you see?
I was looking at Cuba.
There were just negotiations.
'Cuba's president confirms the communist government has begun negotiations with Trump.
' They're wanting to negotiate with Trump.
I think it's going to be fantastic because I see Cuba free.
I keep seeing Cuba have resorts and blessing and increase all around that island.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
To have oceanfront property and be able to say, 'Hey, we're going to build a new resort there.
' It'd be nice because I'm sure it's not real kept up right now, but it will be from what I've seen.
Next, do you have anything else?
Old Dominion University ROTC cadets disarm ISIS supporter shouting during shooting.
Officials say a sympathizer.
I sent you the signal.
This was the icing on the cake, in my opinion, of the prophetic word the Lord showed us concerning this old tech that was hidden because it wasn't internet.
Does anybody remember the words the Lord gave us about this wire that went across America, but it was like telephone to telephone?
This is some kind of tech where they're able to communicate through telephone to telephone.
I said it's going to be like Morse code, like old carrier pigeons.
The Lord said it will be like old rotary phones from the 1940s and 50s.
This is what happened afterwards.
They don't know what this is from and nobody's talking about it, but this video was shock and awe to me.
Play this: 'On the first day of the US-Israeli attacks on Iran, something strange appeared on the airwaves: a mysterious shortwave radio broadcast.
A man's voice calmly reading random number sequences in Persian.
Radio enthusiasts first picked it up on February 28th, the first day of the war.
The broadcast follows a loose pattern: a string of numbers read aloud for two rounds, then a pause, then the Persian word for attention, repeated three times, then the numbers start again.
No one knows exactly where the signal is coming from, but radio enthusiasts have narrowed it down to somewhere in Western Europe.
Five days into the war, things got even stranger.
Someone started jamming the signal.
Electronic noise suddenly flooded the frequency, making the numbers nearly impossible to hear.
But the broadcast didn't stop.
It just moved to a different frequency.
RFE/RL independently recorded the transmission on March 10th, meaning it has been broadcasting around two weeks, more or less daily.
So, what is it?
The most common explanation is a numbers station—an old-school Cold War spy tool.
A shortwave radio broadcast used to send encrypted messages to intelligence agents.
Anyone can listen to the numbers, but without the decoder, the message is essentially impossible to understand.
Akin Fernandez says it's absolutely unbreakable.
The number keys are perfectly random, and figuring it out mathematically wouldn't work.
Even if you translate them into words, the message would likely still make no sense without the right decoder key.
' Okay, that's the first thing.
What about the jamming?
Who's jamming?
Do you remember when I said there was an individual who was—I have to be very careful now.
Do you remember I said I saw an individual who was high up, who was a rat in government, and I said he was talking to somebody in Europe and they were relating it to Iran?
Do you remember that?
And I said it was a decoder key and they would write the numbers down, but it was a perfect sequence and it had to be the right letter.
They would hear it and they were able to communicate to somebody in Europe, and they would send that to Iran.
Does anybody remember that?
Do you remember that?
Yeah.
I said they sent the message.
Was it free?
Yes.
Do you remember who?
Because I'm trying to be careful now because of how accurate this is.
Folks, this is exactly what we saw.
This man is talking about what I warned you: that there was a rat that was delivering the message from the tops to a message in Europe, and in Europe it was translating to another one, and it was a three-way loop and it went all around.
Then I saw they were activating the cells for a D-day on a specific day.
And it was not a strike for strike like a punch; it was a fatal blow.
They said, "We must completely wound to take out the eagle so we can get rid of Israel.
" Does anybody remember this?
"For distraction on their own soil will be a distraction to deter them, for they will be so wounded in their own home soil that we can finally finish off Israel.
" Does anybody remember that?
And I saw these codes going over the internet, but I said, "It's old technology.
It's not your cell phone.
It's hidden.
" And it was telephone to telephone; I saw it in the spirit.
Do you hear what this man is saying?
That's what they found.
But they can't tell what the code is.
I said, "You can't tell the decipher.
" Does anybody remember that?
Do you have the video to prove it?
Yeah, I believe.
It gave me a shock when I found it.
I said, "Braden, this is what the Lord said.
This is what we're praying against.
This is what I tried to tell you.
There's a rat.
Play the rat.
" Is there a way to find it?
I know I'm putting a lot on you.
I'm sorry.
But I want them to see how accurate things are.
We were prophesying this clear back in the beginning of 2025, or Diana has to look through her book.
Go ahead and play the rest of the message and you can find it while you're watching so there's no dead space.
We don't want them to stick around.
The signal and why.
So the kind of interference being used here is called a bubble jammer.
Basically, it drowns out the signal so the transmission is impossible to understand.
Historically, this kind of jamming was used by governments trying to block foreign broadcasts.
During the Cold War, Soviet bloc countries regularly jammed broadcasts from the BBC, Deutsche Welle, or Radio Free Europe Radio Liberty, which were beaming uncensored news and information into the Eastern bloc.
These days, the Persian language broadcasts of the BBC and Radio Free Europe's Radio Farda are also being jammed by the Iranian government on a similar frequency.
So, if Tehran was responsible for this mysterious Persian number signal, it's pretty unlikely that Tehran—do y'all see?
It's interesting old Cold War technology.
I said it's not new stuff; they're using an old method of communication.
They're not going to communicate through the internet.
And I said the Lord said it's old school, like how carrier pigeons used to be used, then how they used Morse code, and then he said how they used the Cherokee Indians in World War II.
And he said, "They're using an old method, Brandon.
" And when I heard that, I thought, "What kind of old method?
Like Morse code again?
Are they going to use that?
What is it?
" Because I don't know all this stuff.
But when I was praying into it, I kept seeing it's like telephone to telephone.
But as they add the code—and I saw this code and I saw a guy using a decipher and he had the code up here—he would write out the decipher by number frequency.
What day is this?
Is it October 5th?
I think.
But you're saying it again, 5,000 men go through a polygraph test.
Yeah, this is old.
Why?
Because they got to figure out who's a rat, and there's rats.
And I said the man that I see has all these badges just like that.
Yeah, that's it.
But it's more descriptive.
It's fine.
Keep going.
And I said there's somebody in there and remember when I told you—did I say that publicly?
Yeah, I did, about rats with independence.
I know.
But what the man's doing?
He's the only one; he's my scribe.
He writes everything down.
Taking a deciphered message and giving it to somebody in Europe, and then Europe was giving it to another person in another area.
So, as they were communicating, it was a three-way tie delivering secret information out of the Pentagon into other countries.
A rat within, and the Lord told us that.
Remember, like I said, I don't remember some of the stuff I make public and I can't even believe I did that, but since I already did, it's there.
I go, "Okay, that was probably not wise.
" This activates the cells.
What?
I don't know why.
This is what activates the cells.
I said that's how they communicate and they know the day.
Now what did we hear?
Pray over Rosh Hashanah.
Praying over Rosh Hashanah of this year: September 11th, 9/11; praying over April 20th; praying over Easter, April 5th; praying over art festivals; praying over college campuses and synagogues; praying over mass gatherings, church services in Canada, and in Europe.
As we were praying about Europe, the Lord showed us again retaliation even coming to Europe.
I was praying for these individual people that would be in harm's way.
That's all I will say.
In harm's way.
And that we need to cover them in prayer.
Y'all, you'll never understand the pressure of what's too much and what's not enough prayer for y'all to grab a hold of, and when I've said too much.
It's like filtering this and having so much responsibility on me and having discernment about what's stupid to release to the public versus what's not.
I know the Lord protects me.
I know he protects my wife.
You've got people that hate me, but I know that God said to me even last night, "I've got you.
" And as I was laughing and getting refreshed, I'll tell you about that.
We'll change the subject, but I saw a boomer, and does anybody know who Jerry Savelle is?
Many of you.
He went home to be with the Lord about a year ago, but Jerry Savelle always was very prim and proper when he preached.
He had a nice suit on.
His hair was always perfect.
Everything was always like—he was a very manicured man.
The way he carried himself in the presence of God.
I loved to watch his suits, his shoes.
He always had that—he was clean, starched.
In the vision last night, I saw an individual that was very starched, glasses with hair like Jerry Savelle used to have, especially when he was younger.
And he was standing next to this, and the Lord said, "It's a boomer of this generation.
" And he had nice starch jeans on with a nice belt.
He had cowboy boots on that were like ostrich, and a very clean-cut man.
And he was standing next to the next generation.
What is this generation?
Not a millennial.
It's this generation.
I think it's Gen Z.
This new generation that Diana said is going to be called the AI generation.
They were standing there, and this young girl had dark black hair with purple.
I'm talking as bright purple as the communion.
She had purple streaks in her hair and she had black makeup and all this stuff on her face, standing next to this prim and proper boomer, and they were working together to bring in the harvest.
And that's when the Lord said, "This is what I have to work with, Brandon.
" And that's why I laughed so much last night, because I saw this man that looked like a businessman next to the generation with all this pantyhose stocking up here, dressed emo like the goth, you know?
They all love Jesus; they are just really different.
I saw them standing and the Lord said, "This is what I have to work with.
" But the Lord was saying it not in a derogatory way, but in a funny way because of the way he presented it to me.
Oh my gosh, I laughed over that even after the broadcast was over.
I told him that was the funniest thing because I saw the two different generations—both are important, all hands on deck, calling everybody to do this.
I don't know if it was Braden or whatever, but we were watching this TikTok of this guy talking like that generation, and you couldn't understand a thing they were saying.
I started laughing again.
It was just hilarious because it was what I was trying to talk about.
They even had a police officer—this guy got pulled over and a police officer had to come and interpret what this kid was saying because they didn't understand it.
The younger police officer had to call for backup for the older guy because he didn't understand what the kid was saying since he's from that generation and he was talking to a boomer.
And oh my gosh, I was laughing so hard.
I know you had to be there, but it was funny for me because of what the Lord was saying—where we are, we're all so different, but God loves each and every single one of us.
And he said, "Brandon, it's all hands on deck.
I'm just looking for people who will say yes right now.
" No matter if you have purple hair, pink hair, or a bald head like me, God's saying, "Hey, I need you.
Will you help me bring in the harvest?
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
" He said, "I'm looking, Brandon.
I'm just looking for somebody.
" Whether you are generation whatever, it doesn't matter.
Jesus is just looking for all hands on deck right now, and he'll use whomever will say yes.
I was blessed by what he said.
That's March 23rd.
This time last year of 2025 is when I first saw the vision.
In 10 days, it'll be a year since I saw this vision.
Does anybody remember this?
If you've been following me and been a part of my channel, you'll hear it right here.
Look at what I saw.
This is when I first saw it.
We call the mole found; we call the mole uncovered.
We say in the name of Jesus, you are uncovered.
Even after work, when they get off, they are trying to communicate in a way that will not get them caught through an avenue of hidden communication.
It's almost a deciphered code.
Only they would know how to do certain words with certain letters; they're like numbered.
It's not family they're talking to; it goes from telephone to telephone.
In this, it is relayed twice: one and then another.
It goes deeper—it's a deep trail.
It's not directly to them.
It goes from here to here to here.
No, it's twice: one and then there.
I see it.
This is well thought out.
We pray over our servicemen and women in Iraq.
We pray for our bases in Iraq.
We pray a hedge of blood around and about them right now from any surprise attack.
We pray a hedge around our servicemen and women in the name of Jesus that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
We command it in the name of Jesus to bow its knee.
We pray a hedge of blood around Iraq.
We pray for wisdom for Trump making these decisions ahead.
It's like a chess match.
He needs wisdom.
We pray for wisdom for his mind.
We pray for the people that are around him not to think with a reprobate mind.
We pray a hedge around his mind.
We thank you, Lord, that he thinks through you to a higher level than ever before.
He can go this way or that way, but it's about making the right choice, because this choice will turn out a new outcome.
He has to see like chess, how many steps ahead?
It's not just one move; it's seeing the other moves before he needs to move.
What will this do if you make this move so that you're always ahead?
It's not just playing one position at a time; it's playing five positions at a time.
I see him.
He needs to make strategic plans.
He's running them through his mind right now, measuring each plan and decision whether or not what he should be doing is strategic, but he needs not his plan, but the Holy Ghost's plan.
So we pray for his mind.
We pray for his spirit to catch it.
Out of the realm of the spirit, we pull it to him.
We catch it for the body of Christ.
He may not know how to pray through it, but we pray it.
We bring forth the divine plan of knowing what to do to take the step to go right through.
Not just what we think is right in our own mind, but what is right by what the hand of the Lord says.
We call it forth in the name of Jesus.
They're trying to poke the beehive.
That's what they're going to do.
I see it.
They try to stir it up over here.
It's sleight of hand, folks.
They want to stir it up over here to keep you occupied while they are hiding something in the mountains.
We call those hostages released.
If there's any more alive, we call the hostages released.
We take authority over this demonic spirit that tries to rule over this area that tried to kill these people.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
The very pit they dug, the very trap they've dug—this is the only leverage they have anymore.
They can't give away all their cards; they can't reveal all their cards.
Oh, there's so much here.
How accurate was that?
The Lord says, 'These are many days of prayer.
' He said, 'Even with what's going on with Russia, the backup plan is they want all of Ukraine.
They want all of it.
He wants the whole thing: the old Russia, the old Soviet Union—building back every building block that was taken.
Everything that was taken, they want it back.
This is not just a plan for now; this is a plan that's drawn out for a decade.
Their time clock is set to wanting their old land back.
Even if it takes 20 or 30 years, I see a long-drawn-out plan.
This isn't just a window we're seeing right here.
They're thinking chess, too.
This is way deeper.
That's cool, V.
Good find, son.
I love to hear it.
And that's over a year ago—ten months and ten days from it being a year.
Today's Friday the 13th, and here we are right at 2026, and God gave that word on March 23, 2025.
So we give all glory to Jesus, folks.
It isn't about Brandon.
If it puts attraction to me and people look at it and go, 'Whoa, look at that,' we always attract to deflect.
It's all Jesus.
I'm telling you, without Him we can do nothing.
And it's exciting whenever He speaks to His people because He'll speak to every single one of you.
It doesn't have anything to do with just being me.
He'll speak to you if you just say, 'Yes, Lord.
Here am I.
' I need you to know that I'm nothing special; I am just a person who said yes.
So I want you to know, whenever you see these things and the deciphering code and what we found today, it's what I told you was coming, what the Lord said was coming.
And so we pray for them to find out the sequence of the numbers because it's communicating when those terror cells would be activated in our nation.
Very interesting.
If you're here, please like our video and give a thumbs up.
We appreciate every single one of y'all.
Let's go ahead and just pray now.
Ready?
Anybody want to go tubing for a little bit?
Father, we just thank You, Lord, that You are speaking to us, that we're Your people.
We yield to You, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I take this body in the name of Jesus, and I thank You, Father, for my wife and for our family.
We thank You, Lord, that our bodies are healed, whole, and well.
When we lay hands on the sick, they'll recover.
Father, we have the ability to see the dead raised and to cast out devils freely.
We've been given freely; we give it out.
Thank You, Father.
We take nothing from nobody, and we owe no man anything but to love him.
Thank You, Lord.
Like blind Bartimaeus, we say, 'Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on us.
' Thank You, Lord, that Your grace and mercy are following us.
Goodness and mercy are following us all the days of our life, and we dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
We abide in You, that Your words remain in us, and we'll ask what You will, and it shall be done.
I thank You, Father, that we have that word hidden in our hearts that we might not sin against You.
And Lord, we take this body in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that every plot, every plan, and every pursuit of the enemy concerning our lives—Father, we thank You, Lord, that we're underneath those mighty wings, and underneath Your wings we'll trust.
We apply the blood in the name of Jesus.
We take this body in Jesus' name and we thank You, Lord, that You took it all for us.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we take the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood.
We cover our eyes.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We apply the blood.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
We make much of the blood, for we know it never loses its power.
Thank You, Lord, that You help us, that we're delivered from gluttony, obesity, and everything that tries to have a stronghold in our life.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over it.
And we thank You, Lord, that we're free in Jesus' name.
We take the blood and we apply it to us.
And we give You glory, honor, and praise for it.
We thank You, Lord, for the blood that covers our finances, our house, our marriage, and any plot, plan, or pursuit to hurt or harm us.
The angels of the Lord are around and about us.
And we thank You, Father, that they will bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Lord, we thank You for Your covering over us.
We thank You, Lord, that the blood never loses its power, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day; it will never lose its power.
The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Calvary.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day, it will never lose its power.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood that set us free.
It was just one drop; You shed it for me.
You took it all from me, Jesus.
And we're so grateful, Father, for without You we can do nothing, but with You, we can do all things through Christ who strengthens us.
We believe, Father, that You've called us and You've chosen us for such a time as this.
And every single person that's represented here tonight, Father, we have big dreams.
You said You'd give us the desires of our heart.
And Father, my desire is to see one billion souls saved, all to the glory of God—that I would reach through our ministry well over a million souls.
We believe, Father, as we petition and call for those souls, that Satan has to release the unbeliever there, for the Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we say according to Ephesians that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
Satan, take your hands off of their eyes in the name of Jesus.
We pray for the harvesters to come forth in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, and the west, we call forth the harvest.
We thank You, Lord, that the harvest is plentiful and yet the laborers are few, but the Lord of the harvest calls them forth in the name of Jesus to bring forth harvest.
For some plant, some water, and then You bring forth the increase.
Lord, we call that harvest in the name of Jesus, for You have long patience for the harvest.
We believe that harvest is coming forth in the name of Jesus.
We call it forth.
We thank You, Lord, for the harvest.
Father, we're calling it in from the north, south, east, and west—all over Asia, all over Europe, all over South America.
We're calling in the harvest of souls in Jesus' name.
We call those things that be not as though they were, and we call our unsaved loved ones saved.
What happened?
He has long patience.
Well, let's keep it up, honey.
We always use that because that is a scripture that stands out to me a lot.
Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, being patient until it receives the early and the latter rain.
I don't like that version.
What is ASV?
What is that?
You had it, baby.
You could just go down.
I'll just write it down and have a staple of it right here because it's that important to me.
It's my fault, not yours.
But Father, we just thank you, Lord, that you have long patience.
Go read; that's the scripture we're standing on.
You have to have the Word back your prayers.
You don't just flippantly back Word-backed prayer.
Scripture-backed prayers bring more fruit; it brings much fruit.
Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it until he receives the early and the latter rain.
That's James 5:7.
And I believe that tonight, that harvest you have had long patience for, you don't have to be patient anymore; we're calling it forth.
2 Peter 3:9: 'The Lord is not slack concerning his promise as some men count slackness, but is longsuffering toward us, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
' Father, we thank you, Lord.
Let me read it: 'The Lord is not slack concerning the promise as some men count slackness, but is longsuffering toward us, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
' We believe, Father, that you're the God of the harvest.
You are the Lord of the harvest, and we believe you have long patience, and we believe that today the patience doesn't have to be there anymore because we're bringing them in.
We call them in.
We call in the harvesters, the vast harvesters around this world in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, and the west, that the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
We call them in, in Jesus' name.
We call in these unsaved people; we snatch them out of hell right now in the name of Jesus that they will know the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and it will be rhema to them and their eyes will be flooded with light.
Satan, take your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
We call them in, in the name of Jesus.
We call the unbelievers to be believing believers.
There's an anointing that we push in the name of Jesus.
Come forth harvest.
Come forth.
Then my Father's arms will be full.
Then my Heavenly Father's arms will be full of the great harvest.
Orlando, we call in the harvest.
We call in that harvest and the laborers.
We call them in right now that every single unsaved loved one—all the people, our bosses, our neighbors, the people that we come into contact with every day—that they're born again in the name of Jesus.
We call them out of the darkness and into the light.
Every single one of them are born again, serving the Lord with all their might.
Oh, that the harvest is plentiful.
We bring in the harvest; the reapers and the sowers are going hand in hand.
We call them out of the darkness and into the light that they will serve you with all their might.
I see into that harvest; I'm seeing into it right now.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, a great shaking is coming to your nation.
A great shaking is coming to New York City.
I see smoke.
I see fire.
Many will come.
There's a great shaking that's coming to your nation.
It will be uncomfortable for some.
Those that are not prepared, it will be uncomfortable for some.
I have warned and I have warned and I have warned.
' He said, 'A great shaking is coming from sea to sea.
And it will be a bringing about to bring you to your knees, to bring you to me.
A great harvest of souls you will see.
But it will come out of pressure.
It will come out of refining fire.
A shaking to awaken is what I desire.
It will be uncomfortable for some because you've not taken heed to what I have said.
You've not put your boat into motion to what I have instructed, and it will be uncomfortable for you.
You'll make it through, but you could have been more comfortable.
Year after year I have yelled.
Year after year I have warned and I have told you that the storm—you will say it's a storm—but it is not a storm.
It's a shaking to awaken.
Many of you say this is Ichabod.
It is not Ichabod.
I have not departed.
I will never leave you and I will never forsake you.
Lo, until the end of the earth I will be with you always.
' But a shaking is coming to your shore.
A shaking is coming to Europe.
A shaking is coming to the lands of this earth through the signs of the heaven.
There'll be a shaking in politics, in war, in finances, and a shaking in the heavens and in the earth.
But every one of these vast shakings is designed to bring in my fruit.
For I have long patience for it.
I'm not out of patience.
I'm out of time.
The time is short.
He's not out of patience; He has long patience, but I'm out of time.
You hear what the Spirit of the Lord said?
He just said that very loud to me.
He said, 'I'm not out of patience.
I have long patience, but I'm out of time.
This dispensation of grace, this dispensation of time has come to an end and I've given you a sliver more to bring in my fruit.
One last call I call you forth.
One last opportunity to get on the boat.
For as in the days of Noah, so will it be.
Noah got on the boat.
Will you get on the boat?
This is one last call.
Just like I said before, one last call for a harvest.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Find a scripture.
I hear him.
Wide is the way to destruction and narrow...
Enter ye in at the Strait gate.
For wide is the gate and broad is the way that leads to destruction, and many there be which go in there.
Because Strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leads unto life, and few there be that find it.
' Matthew 7:13-14.
He doesn't want that any should perish.
Ladies and gentlemen, God has long patience.
But God's not out of patience; He's out of time.
He says, 'A great shaking now is coming.
For I have yelled and I have yelled and I have yelled and I gave you a chance even through COVID to shake the church, and yet you go back into your slumber.
' Many went back into their slumber.
COVID was a wakeup call upon the nations.
I shook at the shaking of the nations; it went through the nations.
And therefore, there will be a second round of great shaking.
And this shaking will be the last shaking.
A shaking that will shake the world—one last call, one last time.
A new, great wave that will be greater, that will dwarf the first wave.
A wave that will shake this world one last time, one last call.
For I'm bringing you as the bride to my side.
For they woke for a split minute and went back to sleep.
Many are not ready or prepared for what you're about to see.
I've warned you to come by my side.
He said, 'All of you must come up higher.
It's time to come up higher, for great sobering days are upon you.
' But the true bride, the remnant that I have brought to my side, will do great and mighty works.
They will do great and mighty things, bringing in my harvest.
That covering of my blood, that glory covering, will be over you, and the death angel will pass before you and it will not touch you.
Fear not, church.
Keep your eyes upon me.
Be bold.
He's talking about Joshua, I believe: 'Have I not commanded you?
Be strong and courageous.
Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
' Be not afraid, church, for what you're about to see, for a great shaking is coming, and many are not prepared for what you're about to see.
He said many will die.
Come up higher in your word level.
Come up higher in your drinking level.
Drink of me; drink from the well.
I see New York in the warm months.
I see the buildings and the sun shining.
It's a hope.
You'll see a great harvest even in just one day.
You'll see vast amounts of souls in just one day, for I'm bringing them in across the land.
I see Asia shaking in a day.
The earth will tremble and shake.
It will rock and reel like a drunkard.
The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard and shall be removed like a hut; its transgression shall be heavy upon it, and it shall fall and not rise again.
That's Isaiah 24.
I have to read the whole chapter on that one.
Many will know it's time to go.
There will be a great flow.
I see Africa.
I see a light that is shining all over Africa, and I see a great harvest of souls—a sea of people from tribes of every kind.
They're coming to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, and it's spread throughout Africa, people of all kinds of different shades of skin.
They are giving their hearts like Reinhard Bonnke.
A major harvest of souls is coming to Africa with healings, signs, and wonders.
I see the sun setting again.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Jesus is standing at the door.
Oh, how I love Jesus because he first loved me.
The King is here.
We're calling in the harvest.
A shaking is coming to the nations.
It will happen in a 24-hour period.
Everything you know is about to change.
When you see it, it will be the waterfall edge—an acceleration of the labor pains upon this earth.
As you enter into the next Jewish feast day, I believe he's talking about Passover, you're going to see an acceleration.
I am releasing the angelic host, these warring angels.
I see them dumping out of heaven.
There'll be two on each side of these unsaved loved ones.
They will have to flatly reject me, but it will be uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I see two angels.
He said, 'I'm sending my angels and it gives them freedom to make the choice.
' I see the harvest and the souls, and the angelic host are warring on our behalf.
He said, 'I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
' I see the angelic host warring on our behalf.
They're flooding North Korea right now.
The angels of the Lord are warring on our behalf.
The Lord has sent his warring angels, for there are more with us than there are with them.
You'll see creative signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
This will be shock and awe to the world, for heaven and earth are going to collide.
It will be just like Brother Hagin gave the word—as easy as a fish swimming through the water or a bird flying in the air.
Like you taking your next breath, you'll tap into the spirit realm effortlessly.
You'll step over, walking in the supernatural.
Where sin abounds, grace does much more abound.
But a shaking is coming.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store.
Father, regarding the crypto laws, we'll lack no good thing.
We'll have more than enough to get the job done.
Thank you, Lord, that we're hearing you on what we're supposed to do with our finances, that we'll obey you and know exactly what to do to bring in the money towards the harvest.
Stretch that dollar to bring in the greatest harvest.
It's all about the harvest.
Lateness of the hour.
For great days to come.
Great days for the church.
A great day.
He knows our idea of what's great and what his is about: harvest.
Days of fun have just begun.
Seeing the healing and manifestation of his glory on people; that's what he's all about.
People get all excited about finances and new things like that, but God's treasure is people.
His treasure is his children.
His streets are paved with gold, ladies and gentlemen.
He doesn't get excited about finances.
He gets excited when one of us turns and says, "Hey, I want you, Jesus.
" He gets excited that just one of us comes to Jesus.
He's excited when his kids say yes.
His heart is the harvest.
His heart is a father's heart.
I don't want to see any of my kids go to hell.
His heart is the harvest.
Like any really good father, you don't want to see any of your kids get in harm's way, pain, or suffering.
I want good things, right?
And that's where his heart is right now for the harvest.
He's saying, "I'm calling them out of the darkness and into the light.
I want to help them, Diana, with all my might.
" If that's what's important to him, it's important to me.
If this is important to God, it's important to me.
Help me, Lord, help you.
Anoint me in a special way to bring them in by the boatloads—a big old shrimping net dredging the bottom.
We're going to bring them in.
They're coming in hot.
Thank you, Lord, for we made it through another week.
As we go into this weekend, let people be refreshed, Lord.
Let them come up higher in their prayer life with you, finding a good church to get involved in.
They know where the revival is going to take place: churches.
Raise up new pastors that are ready to finish the race.
Raise up people that have integrity with what they've been given.
Have an integrity of anointing where they always attract to deflect, keeping their eyes on you, Jesus.
We're going vertical.
Thank you, Lord.
And as I say this, I see Rome again; I see the Vatican; I see the Catholic Church.
You'll see the antichrist agenda on another scale in the days ahead rising up.
They know the time we're in, and they're going to rise up at another level.
The antichrist agenda is going to rise up at another level: Oppression, religious efforts trying to suppress freedom of speech in Europe and Canada.
More pressure and persecution are coming on the church because they know the time is short.
The enemy knows the time is short, and he's coming more viciously than ever before.
Hold fast to this open door of opportunity.
Be contenders.
I see the church holding up their hands and saying, "Not yet.
You can't do this yet.
" We're holding our hand like a police officer directing traffic.
Not yet.
We have authority over you, and it's not yet.
It's going to try to really amp it up to escalate the end times.
I see a war breaking out at a greater level in the Middle East and in Europe.
This is like what I'm talking about: portals of CERN and all these other things.
And I see the church, the remnant; we're going to get a harvest.
A shaking and labor pains are going to come on even greater, and the harvest will come out of the shaking and the great labor pains.
You understand, lover?
That's what I see.
Even telling it to stop, it's still going on in labor pains.
It's holding back that antichrist spirit from taking over completely, saying, "We're holding you back through prayer.
" And I see a shaking of the earth's crust.
But this is actual hell on earth, like a great tribulation.
And the church is pushing back through prayer.
But because of the time, the window is getting smaller and smaller.
There's not much time to push back because the time is getting shorter and shorter.
And the church is pushing against it.
We want the harvest; bring it in.
And the glorious church is moving, and the time's getting shorter and shorter—we're out of time.
We're at God's mercy.
It's about what's been set in the spirit realm.
The church is pushing back, and in the middle, there's a collision, and you're seeing it, and the harvest is coming in.
But now you'll see the labor pains because of what's been said in the Word.
Labor pains, boom, boom, boom.
And the church is pushing back, and the prayer and all of it is happening so fast—acceleration.
That's what he said: acceleration of labor pains.
Hallelujah.
But the bottom line of where we are right now is that if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, that's all that matters.
You're not ready; you're not prepared for the shaking.
He's talking about supplies and certain things he's instructed you to do.
Maybe he's instructed you to get some extra bottled water or some medical bandages.
I'm just throwing something out there.
But whatever he's told you to do, just like at the marriage feast, he didn't take the wine and bring it out of nothing; he turned water into wine.
He worked with something.
He had the fishes and the loaves and then he multiplied it.
He took what you had and he made it into something special.
That's why I believe so wholeheartedly in tithing and giving to your local church.
God will take, like he did for the widow lady with the little bit of meal and the olive oil, and he blessed her.
But because of her obedience to give out of her sacrifice, God took a little and made it into a lot.
He had to get it out of her hand and have her be fully persuaded that what he has promised, he's able also to perform.
In these end times, what is he telling you to do?
Mary said, "Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
" Don't just sit back and go, "Well, I'm waiting on my blessed assurance that God's just going to do everything and just bring it like ripe cherries off the tree.
" You have to go out and make something happen, folks.
Stop waiting for God always to just show up with some miracle.
Whatever you have in your hand to do, do it.
It may just be a little bit of cake and oil, but whatever he tells you to do, if he says bring the water in, I'm going to turn the water into wine.
If that's your case, then follow the leading of the Holy Ghost.
Faith without works is dead.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
I believe we will be led by the Spirit of God.
You said, "Well, I'm looking for an audible voice.
" You're going to get snared by a demonic spirit because that's not usually the way that God speaks.
I know of one time He spoke.
He said, "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased," and the dove came—the anointing came on like a dove.
John the Baptist and all heard it and they said, "I hear Jesus.
I heard the Lord say it.
" But it was not something He did all the time.
It's the still small voice He leads us by.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
He speaks through that still small voice.
Stop looking for some audible, earth-shaking voice.
You're looking and saying, "I'm waiting," and He's like, "I'm speaking to you on the inside.
" Get familiar with Him by reading His word.
He'll speak to you in His word.
That word will become life to you, and you'll become sensitive to what He's saying to do.
So whatever He tells you to do, like Mary said to the servants, "Go and get the water and fill it up.
" Jesus said it; do it.
It wasn't that He just looked at the pots that were empty and said, "Wine, be.
Go fill it up and then I'll do something," but He wants your participation in it.
Do you understand?
We're co-laborers with Christ.
He wants your participation in it.
What are you going to do?
Faith without works is dead.
What did He tell you to do?
Be obedient to what God has told you to do, ladies and gentlemen, and you won't fail.
Even if you just have a little bit of something, He will make you a whole bunch of something.
He did it for the children of Israel.
He brought the manna.
He brought the cloud by day and a fire by night.
But it took them trusting Him.
I just believe with all my heart God's going to show up and show off in your life.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
So many people are just waiting on their blessed assurance going, "Well, I'm just going to sit back and just wait and watch God.
" How many times in the Bible did He tell us to go?
The borrowed axe head—He said, "Go dip in the river.
" Seven times.
They had to do something to activate their faith to get the manifestation of what they're believing for.
He may tell you, "I want you to go to a Billy Burke meeting and travel across America to go to one," and you're going to meet me there.
I'm going to meet you at the point of the place called "there.
" And that may be a Billy Burke meeting or some kind of meeting.
I don't know.
But whatever He tells you to do, do it.
"Well, I'm dying of this.
" Go to the place called "there.
" Where's your "there"?
What did He tell you to do?
Faith without works is dead.
He may tell you, "I want you to take what you have and go to this and I'm going to meet you there.
" Go to the river and dip seven times, and the leper was healed.
The power of God came on them.
But it took them activating their faith and doing what He asked them to do.
And that's what I'm hearing tonight.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
It might seem so insignificant; it doesn't matter.
Where's your faith?
Where are you at with the Lord?
Follow Him.
The bottom line of all this I tell you tonight is: do you know my friend?
All this is nothing if you don't have a relationship with Jesus Christ and He doesn't know you.
If you're not born again, if you're watching this right now and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, you're missing it.
You may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last chance.
You could die in your sleep.
You could have a tragic car accident.
Something could happen.
But I'm telling you, now is the time of salvation.
Right now, you have an opportunity.
I'm going to say a simple prayer, but it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
There's no reincarnation.
Buddha can't save you.
Muhammad can't save you.
The only way to heaven is the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must confess Him as your Lord and Savior.
Tonight's your night.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
You don't know.
Do not gamble with your eternity.
Hell is for eternity; heaven is for eternity.
But I have to ask you: do you know my friend?
And more importantly, does He know you?
Or you may say, "Brandon, I used to know Him.
I used to have a relationship with the Lord.
I was on fire.
I went to church every single week.
" But in the process of all the stuff that goes on in this world, I became weary in well-doing.
I fell away.
I've become lukewarm.
I'm not where I should be.
If I'm talking to you, say, "I have all these issues.
I'm going through all this pressure.
Can you just please pray for me?
" We're here right now, and my wife and I want to come in agreement.
We want to pray for you.
We want you to make a choice.
Jesus is standing at your door and He's knocking on the door of your heart.
Will you let Him in?
Tonight's your night.
Are you all in for Jesus?
Jesus died for you publicly and I want you to be public about your decision tonight.
I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved, Brandon.
Please pray for me.
" Can I know Jesus?
Just like the prodigal son; he spent all he had.
He was in the pigpen and he was laying there, and he came to himself and said, "If I can go and just be a servant in my father's house.
" The moment you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of all your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
What was awesome about the prodigal son was his father was waiting for him, seeing him from afar off and said, "That's my son.
That's my daughter.
Kill the fatted calf.
It's time for a celebration.
My son or my daughter is home.
" And he threw the robe on him and said, "Hey, here's a ring.
I'm so glad you're home.
" And that's the way our Father is.
He's not mad at you.
But you have to turn.
You have to make a decision.
I must choose to follow Jesus.
So tonight, if this is you, we're going to say this simple little prayer.
A little five-year-old could say it.
It doesn't have to be religious; it's just about relationship.
So you say, "Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I turn my back on the world tonight, Lord.
I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the devil and I'm not serving him anymore.
I dedicate my life to You.
I dedicate my heart to You and from this day forward I will serve You with everything I have.
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe, Jesus, that You rose again on the third day and from this day forward I'm all in.
I give everything to You.
I surrender all.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank You, Lord, that if I was to die now, I'll be with You in paradise forever.
Thank You, Jesus, that You have forgiven me.
Thank You, Lord, for this opportunity.
Amen and amen.
" See, it's simple, but you've got to believe.
For he that cometh to God must believe that He is and that He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
For the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
And I believe those right now that have just said this prayer are willing and obedient and the good of the land is coming.
Welcome home.
All 63 of you that just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome home.
Thank God you're saved.
We rejoice with you.
Thank the Lord for every single one of you that just gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome home.
We love you.
We're excited you're here.
Now, what do you do?
This is what I would do.
You go to a Bible-believing church; a non-denominational church is where we would go.
I would get plugged in there.
I would tell that pastor when you walk in there, say, "Listen, I got born again watching a YouTube video, and I want to be water baptized.
Will you help me?
Will you please help me?
I want to be water baptized.
" And if he's a good pastor, he'll water baptize you.
Let's do it.
It may be cold water, but we're going to do it right now until the summer comes.
But get water baptized.
Get plugged into that church.
Go Sundays, go Wednesdays, go to prayer group, and go to classes if they got them.
Get plugged in there.
Get excited about it.
You may have to change your friends.
You can invite them, "Come to church with me.
Lead them to Jesus.
" If they say, "No, we're not into that.
We want to go back to the strip clubs.
We want to go hang over here.
I don't want anything to do with church right now," you may have to say, "You know what?
I choose to follow Jesus.
When you all are ready to make a choice, come find me.
But I can't go back to what I was doing.
I'm going to find some new friends.
" And God will bring you some new friends.
It's okay.
But they're going to see the fruit in your life and that Jesus is changing you from the inside out.
And they're going to say, "You know what?
I remember when you were really bad like us, but you're different.
" Watch, because that light is going to start shining on you and people are going to start seeing that the old you is dead.
They'll start bringing it up: "Don't you remember when you used to go to the strip clubs with us?
Don't you remember when you used to snort a line of coke with us?
" You say that person's dead.
He ain't alive no more.
Why?
Because you're a new creation in Christ Jesus.
And you may fall tomorrow.
You may fall in the next couple of days and skin your knee.
When a toddler falls—a baby falls—He's always quick to pick him back up and brush him off.
When you mess up, you run to God; don't run from him.
So, you may be a toddler right now.
You go, "Man, I skinned my knee, Brandon.
I messed up.
Am I still saved?
" Yes.
It's by grace.
It's all about grace.
I run to you, Jesus.
But it's a choice.
We're not going to go hang around those people no more; we'll find some new ones.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
So, we love you.
Now, if you don't have a Bible, in the description below, there is an email address.
We want you to email us and we will give you your first Bible for free.
Tell them about it, Diana.
"Oh, in the description, you'll find our email address.
If you just email us and put 'I need a Bible' in the title and include your name and address, we will get one in the mail to you.
" And we're pretty much caught up.
There's been a lot of people getting saved.
We've given out a lot of Bibles, ladies and gentlemen.
I think over a thousand now.
There's been a lot of salvations on this channel.
All glory to Jesus.
They're coming in from all around the world.
But right now, because of the duty fees and all the things about sending things overseas, we're just able to focus on the American side: US and US territories, and then military APO and FPO addresses we can send to those.
So, all glory to Jesus.
We're so thankful for every single one of you that got saved tonight.
If you could please like, subscribe, and come be a part of our prayer group.
We'll never ever solicit you for anything.
We never ask for a dime from anybody.
We're just here freely; we've been given freely, and we give freely.
We just want to tell you Jesus loves you and that he's coming.
And we're so excited for every single one of you that are here tonight.
If you could help us out with the algorithm.
And it's awesome.
Somebody sent this to you.
This is like a Christian news source, but experts warn that leader is obsessed with the end and believes himself to be a figure paving—read that out loud, babe.
"Experts warn Iran's new leader is obsessed with end times.
Believes himself to be prophesied figure paving way for the Mahdi.
" Wow.
Who, the Ayatollah?
It says—I don't know how you say his first name—Mojtaba Khamenei is obsessed with the end times.
Is that the man I saw in the cave?
Yeah, I believe that's him.
And I said, he said, "Is this prophecy fulfilled?
" He was talking to the man with the gray beard and he said, "Should we push the button?
We have a device to try to annihilate Israel.
" And I saw him talking to a man with a white coat and he said, "Do you truly believe it will work?
" And he said, "It has not been tested.
" I heard them.
I was in their meeting.
He said, "It has not been tested, but we believe that we have one working bomb.
" And he said to him, "If you use it, it must be accurate where you put it.
" And I saw a plan to hit Israel with this on a big rocket and they were waiting for the right moment because they knew this is what would try to bring forth the Mahdi.
And I'm telling you, I saw it.
I saw that man talking to a man with a white beard and a guy with a white robe—a white trench-like jacket—and they were underneath the ground.
Yep, that's him.
So he's obsessed with that.
That's the guy I heard.
I was in the conversation with him.
I heard him talking.
Yes.
And it was all in English; the Lord allowed me to hear him.
And he said, "We have biological weapons.
" And they wanted to use the biological weapons on Israel.
My goodness, son.
Do you all realize how close we are?
Do you all realize he believes he's the messenger to help us?
And he said, "Is there prophecy that fulfills this in the Quran with our prophecies?
" And he was asking the elders—the old men with the white beards and the white turbans on their heads—he was asking them, "Does this line up?
Are we there for the Mahdi to come?
" And he was trying to get enough courage.
And then he said, "It's time to activate the hidden cells in America.
" That's what I told you all.
And then what the Lord said tonight in the prophetic word is way over the top, isn't it?
A day of sternness, a day of shaking, and it's going to shake the world.
Where are we really, truly?
You know, we hear it, we've heard it, and we become so desensitized to where we are because we've heard it so much.
I remember talking to my grandmother.
She's 80-some years old.
She has dementia now.
And I always tell her, "Grandma, Jesus is coming.
" "You know, son, I remember hearing that back when I was a little girl in World War II.
I remember hearing that thinking Hitler was this, and Mom and Daddy talking and saying things.
" And I remember I just looked at it.
You're a frog in a pot and the water's getting hot and you don't realize all that's going on when you go through so much and you've heard it and heard it and become desensitized to it.
But it's just like the Word of the Lord said, that many will say, "Where is the promise of his coming?
" Where?
And they mock it: 'Oh, we've heard that before.
Where is that scripture at, son?
Where is the promise of His coming?
' We've heard that before because that's what is being fulfilled.
You don't even realize it.
In 2 Peter chapter 3, verses 3 through 6, it says: 'Where is the promise of His coming?
For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation.
' For they are willingly ignorant of this: that by the word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water, whereby the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished.
'Where is the promise of His coming?
' Ah, you know he ain't ever coming back.
I've heard that so much, son.
You become desensitized to it until you really start seeing it right in front of your face.
You're so close to the trees that you don't realize.
I'm telling you folks, Jesus is coming.
And even what was said tonight about pushing back lines up with it.
And here this crazy fool thinks he's going to bring in the Mahdi and do all the things he's going to do.
Why?
He's lining up with Bible prophecy.
The signs of the times are all around us.
Are you watching?
It's time to wake up.
You're running out of time.
Are you prepared?
Is your heart right?
It's so important that you're close to Him.
Right now is not the time to be playing church.
You don't need to be riding the fence.
You need to be all in for Jesus, looking up, for our redemption draws nigh.
Whenever we were praying and talking about the harvest, the Lord showed me a harvest field with a trench around it.
I heard Him say 'entrenched.
' I looked up what that meant, and it refers to resistance.
The field was so beautiful with the harvest ready, but there was resistance to get to that field.
Diana had a vision when we were praying tonight.
When the Lord was talking about the harvest, I saw a harvest field that was beautiful, golden, and ripe.
I saw a trench around it like a moat.
It was covered so you didn't even know it was there, but I saw it zoomed in, and it was a deep trench underneath.
Then I heard Him say 'entrenched.
' I looked it up and it was talking about a mindset of resistance to get to that harvest.
The devil is trying to entrench them so we can't get to them; he's trying to block the believer from getting out.
Father, we just thank You that we're building a bridge over that trench.
There's no divide.
We thank You, Lord, that the harvest is going to be reached and there's no more trench around it.
I come in agreement with what she saw.
We know the plan of the enemy and we will stop this trench from being formed anymore.
The unsaved loved ones are coming to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We build that bridge so there is no gap with time or space.
We will bring forth the vast fruit of the harvest.
The dead in Christ will rise first, and then we will all be caught up.
We'll see the greatest harvest of souls.
We call the bridge over the trench.
There will be no divide in Jesus' name.
We're filling that trench up, paving the way to get that harvest.
Every plot and plan of the devil is coming to naught.
We call that code uncovered in the name of Jesus concerning this cipher for the NSA, Homeland Security, FBI, special intelligence, and the military to break the code in the name of Jesus.
Every plan and plot of destruction concerning this nation, we command you to be uncovered.
We thank You, Lord, that President Trump is covered.
His children Eric, Don Jr.
, Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka, and Kai are all covered.
We thank You, Lord, that the hand of the Lord is protecting them, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
There is a covering over them in the name of Jesus, and the blood covers them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We pray over President Trump tonight, over his marriage and over his health, and that there's no pressure on his veins.
We thank You, Lord, that the body of Christ is carrying him across this finish line by faith.
We call him healed, whole, and well.
His heart and his mind function like they're supposed to.
Father, I thank You that he is covered, the pressure is off of him, and he'll sleep soundly.
He'll hear Your voice and will not follow a stranger's voice concerning our economy and finances.
The greatest wealth transfer is yet to come.
We call it in, in Jesus' name.
Amen.
We pray over everyone represented here tonight.
We call blessing and increase over your finances.
Whatever they put their hands to will prosper.
We call them healed, whole, and well.
We call wayward children home.
We call marriages restored.
We call them to be blessed in the city and in the field, in their coming in and their going out.
May he bless you.
May he keep you.
May his face shine upon you, and may he give peace to you.
That's Deuteronomy.
May the Lord bless you and may he keep you.
May his face shine upon you and give you peace and be a blessing to you in the name of Jesus.
We believe that every one of you walk in that and thank you for your support.
Thank you for all the love you show to my family.
We love every single one of you.
We pray for your finances.
We pray for an abundance over your mind that, Father, they walk in creative ideas to get wealth, that they lack no good thing, that this is a time to excel, to be above and not beneath in the name of Jesus.
It's Numbers 6:24 through 26: 'The Lord bless thee and keep thee and make his face shine upon you and be gracious unto you.
The Lord lift up his countenance upon you and give you peace.
' Amen.
We love y'all.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
Remember, we'll be back and we're going to pray more.
But isn't that amazing what he had tonight?
Praying over the harvest.
I knew it immediately when I jumped in the vein.
He said, 'Pray for the souls, Brandon.
Pray for them.
Call them forth.
' We're running out of time.
Love you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
What is that, son?
You keep trying to show me.
No, that's fine.
I was going to show you after President Trump.
I don't know what this even means, but show them.
President Trump rejects President Putin's proposal to move Iran's enriched uranium to Russia as part of a deal to end the war.
Why does he want that?
To end the war with Ukraine.
So he wants their rich uranium.
That's really weird.
What would he want that for?
He has all kinds of nuclear bombs.
I have to pray over that.
That's strange.
Trump rejects Putin's proposal to move Iran's enriched uranium to Russia and end the war.
According to sources close to the matter, Trump had a phone call with Putin on Monday during which he rejected one of the Russian president's proposals.
That's kind of interesting.
I'm telling you, Putin's holding his cards.
He's not to be trusted.
Anybody who trusts him is crazy.
I've seen great escalation of war, and they're going to try to take Zelensky out if they have the opportunity.
I'm telling you, they're going to take that man out.
I saw Jason Bourne going in there like Jason Bourne does, and I saw a guy like him, and he took him out at a coke party.
Zelensky was doing coke at the party.
Well, God bless y'all.
Iran says if Iranian oil and economic infrastructure is attacked, we will erase the infrastructure linked to America.
What is that supposed to mean?
That is a real strange comment.
It's like a riddle.
What are you going to erase?
President Trump says they attacked Iran's island.
I've never even heard of it.
He said it moments ago.
This is breaking news on the wire.
'Moments ago, at my direction, the United States Central Command executed one of the most powerful bombing raids in the history of the Middle East and totally obliterated every military target in Iran's crown jewel, Kharg Island.
Our weapons are the most powerful and sophisticated that the world has ever known, but for reasons of decency, I have chosen not to wipe out the oil infrastructure on the island.
However, should Iran or anyone else do anything to interfere with the free and safe passage of ships through the Strait of Hormuz, I will immediately reconsider this decision.
During my first term and currently, I rebuilt our military into the most lethal, powerful, and effective force by far anywhere in the world.
Iran has no ability to defend anything that we want to attack.
There is nothing they can do about it.
Iran will never have a nuclear weapon, nor will it have the ability to threaten the United States of America, the Middle East, or for that matter, the world.
' Hunter, do you think they'll strike the island?
He says we're not touching their oil yet.
Unless they don't leave the strait alone.
Now, if you mess with the strait, we'll annihilate it.
To be continued.
Does that trip the trigger to go to 200?
What's on tomorrow's episode around the world?
Will they do it, ladies and gentlemen?
And then ladies and Daniels, the lady in distress is on the railroad tracks.
Can he save her in time?
Help me!
And Superman's going, 'I can do it.
I can be there.
' To be continued.
A cliffhanger.
I personally believe it will happen.
It's fun to watch, though.
And will they strike our infrastructure in Louisiana and Tuttle, Oklahoma?
It's terrible.
Well, we love y'all too much.
Paisley, what are you doing?
I love you, baby.
She wants to be on camera with us so bad, but I won't let her because she's too small yet.
I said, 'No, not yet.
When you get older, I'll let you be on camera, but you are my baby.
Not yet.
' She wants to grow up and wear makeup already, and she wants to do all the things the big girls do.
And I say, 'No, you're my baby.
Not yet.
' Well, praise the Lord.
Iran media confirms US strikes destroyed military site.
Interesting.
I wonder why they have it all out there on that island.
Your largest oil refinery is on an island.
Why?
Whoever thought about that was really stupid.
It's a little island.
'Let's put it out there.
Hide up by a mountain or something.
' It's where the nuclear thing's at.
We hit it on the island.
That's thinking with a reprobate mind.
You aren't thinking with a full deck.
It's like letting the elevator go to the top, but the door doesn't open.
'We'll put it on the island.
It's a great idea.
It's like Alcatraz.
There's no way getting in and no way getting out.
You have to swim with the sharks.
' Well, we love y'all again.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.